What are you stealing glances for, Senpai?
I-I'm not stealing glances.
Are you getting psyched up at the
thought of going on a date with a girl?
I-I said I'm not!
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm just helping you practice
going on a date, Senpai.
Practice?
Bland, unimaginative outfit.
Fifty points docked!
I'm getting graded now?!
We have to get you ready for the
real date that you may one day go on.
So I'm going to grade you strictly!
Though, I don't think you'll
ever go on a real date.
Your slouch is nasty!
One hundred points docked!
You're so lanky and gross!
How am I supposed to even
make up for those points?
Look at Hayacchi's eyes.
She's all set to do it!
Yup, all-in!
Virginity in peril!
Too early!
It's too early!
Paisen's virginity still
needs more time to ferment!
Like, 300 years?!
Even if he awakens today...
Raze them!
He's going to melt into nothing
after he fires his laser just once!
It's rotting!
It's too soon!
And so, we're going to take a ton of embarrassing
pictures and bring them to their senses.
Fire the Gamosshie lasers!
Cackle, cackle, cackle, cackle!
The demons are the true evil, Sana-neesan.
Yes.
It seems so.
I will protect Senpai's love.
To that end, I will become a monster myself!
Well said.
The time has come to fight for love!
Yes!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Wanna Do Something to Make It Not a Dry Run?
Damn it!
Where are they?!
Target lost!
Senpai, Senpai!
What?
Stop it!
I'm glad we got to see the
penguins like she wanted.
Senpai!
Over here!
You're so sus and creepy.
Fifty points docked.
Senpai!
Look, garden eels!
Garden eels!
I get it.
What is this, though?
She says it's a practice date for me...
but I feel more nervous than usual.
And Nagatoro feels closer.
Senpai.
Don't you think there's something
you should be doing right now?
Y-You're hungry? Is that it?
You're steadily losing points right now.
D-Did I make a mistake?
Figure it out yourself.
You're tired?
Ten points docked.
Bored?
Twenty points docked.
Bathroom!
Thirty points docked.
What is it?
I have no idea.
Wh-Why are the friends and Sunomiya-kun
and the President here?!
Senpai, you're being pretty shifty-eyed.
Have you figured out why
you're losing points yet?
Um, well...
What? Are you even trying to think?
Do you want to lose points?
N-No...
I'm not really...
Wh-What?
Th-This way!
What's this, Senpai?
Are you taking me somewhere naughty?
I-I'm not!
You're so aggressive. It's gross.
A hundred points docked!
He noticed us!
Run away!
I won't let you!
Th-The junior!
I won't let you interfere with their date!
H-Have you been following us this whole time?
Scary...
I've come to protect Senpai's love!
What?!
Who do you think you are, mini bunny?!
Brat!
What do we do?
Wanna go?
Wanna?!
I've come to the assist,
in the name of love.
Crap! Bad news!
Damn it! We're falling back!
Tactical retreat!
Don't let them get away.
Catch them!
Understood!
They aren't here, are they?
Senpai, which one should we get?
Um...
I'll have a normal soft serve.
I'll have...
Wasabi soft serve.
Wasabi?!
I like spicy stuff.
You must like a challenge.
I do.
Challenge everything, Senpai.
Spicy!
Senpai.
Want a bite?
Come on.
Have some.
I'll pass!
What's wrong?
You're acting so flustered.
Is it because...
you're afraid of an indirect kiss?
N-No...
Sheesh, you're in full virgin mode.
I'm not!
I-I just don't like spicy food.
Hm...
Maybe I'll just lick yours, then.
No, no, no!
I already had some of it!
Well, Senpai?
How does the indirect kiss taste?
Wh-What do you even want me to say?
Are you all right?
You got my wasabi on yours.
I-It's not so much that I can't eat it.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Look at those huge jumps!
Looks like we managed to lose them.
It seems like there's a lot of
couples here enjoying themselves.
Nagatoro's not any less c-cute
than anyone else, I think.
But...
I feel like I don't belong here with her.
What's wrong, Senpai?
Are you broken because
you lost so many points?
N-Nothing like that!
Well, it's true that your point total
is well into the negatives.
But...
W-Was that uncalled for?
Senpai, don't you think you're
acting a little too cool?
Top Prize
Second Prize
That went by pretty fast.
Now, then!
Time to announce your final point total!
Are we actually doing this?
We are!
Minus fifty points for fashion.
Minus one hundred points for slouching.
Minus one hundred points for being lanky.
And two hundred more
points lost along the way!
That much?!
I guess there's no redeeming myself.
Th-Though, you tried your best
before the ice cream, so...
Plus two hundred points!
Before the ice cream?
Did I do something?
Also...
It was hilarious when you got drenched.
Plus three hundred points!
Now, your total score is...
Brrrrrr...
Tsss!
Fifty points!
50 Points
I'm not sure what to think of that score.
Oh, it's out of a thousand.
So low!
Well, don't give up.
You're gonna have to keep improving.
We've finally found them.
They've got a good mood going.
But we shall resort to force
to protect Paisen's virginity!
Let's go, Yoshi!
And I guess, if I have time,
I wouldn't mind helping you practice.
Wh-What about you, then?
What about me?
Was that, like...
G-Good practice for you?
For me...
That was the real thing.
Me, too!
I didn't intend for it
to be a dry run, either.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Were you planning on a wet run?!
D-Don't make it sound so weird!
Okay...
Wanna do something that'll
make it not a dry run?
All right, apprehend them!
Don't mess this up, Yoshi!
Yoshi.
Let's not.
Any more...
and we'll be cock blockers!
Yoshi...
Yeah, you're right.
It'll be more fun watching them from afar.
They won't have the guts
to do it here, anyway.
Limpy!
I never thought you would
be the one to stop me.
We've finally found you!
Wh-What do you mean, make it not a dry run?
Okay, quiz time!
A. We hug.
B. We kiss.
Now, which is it?!
Well? Well?
Well?
Y-You wouldn't go straight
to a k-kiss, would you?
Which means...
A hug?!
Oh, fine.
Okay, here you go.
I-I don't know...
Should we be doing that kind of thing here?
What's wrong?
I thought this wasn't a dry run.
Was it just practice after all?
I-I-If you're all right with it,
I-I wouldn't mind.
Seriously, you guys!
I said we aren't going to do anything!
Go away!
I don't believe you!
We will lay our doubts to rest here and now!
Please continue.
As you were.
We were just in the middle of practice!
I'm sorry.
Shop
Sandwiches
Cheese naans
Hamburgers
You love that stuff, Toro-chan.
I've been hooked lately.
I think I'll try it out next time.
Can't you forgive them already?
They didn't mean any harm.
They just miss you because you haven't been
hanging out with them lately, Toro-chan.
Right?
It's been a while since
I ate in the club room.
Wanna come?
Let's go!
Creepy! Creepy!
No! I'll eat it by myself!
Wait! Stop!
Creep?
Creepy, creepy!
I-I was just...
I like what you're doing there, mini bunny!
So passionate.
Did she make it for you?
No!
It's an apology.
It's the least I could do.
I put my whole soul into it.
Oh?
Your whole soul, huh?
Y-You don't need to apologize.
Good for you, being fed good food.
S-Sunomiya-kun, that was
delicious, but I'm all full—
Full—
You're still growing.
You need to eat.
Paisen's been trained with food.
She's going to fatten him up.
Foie gras.
I ate too much.
Would you like French or Chinese tomorrow?
My apologies continue for a week.
Sunomiya-chan, he won't need any tomorrow.
I'll be making his lunch.
I mean, if Senpai absolutely insists, that is.
Well, Senpai?
Want some?
Want some of my lunch?
W-Well...
Don't you have morning practice, Nagatoro?
I don't want to be a nuisance.
Whatever. You're right.
Hey, Paisen.
Stop trying to be courteous and—
So tomorrow,
I'll make lunch for you instead, Nagatoro.
How about you make some for me the day after?
I thought it might save you some
trouble if it's every other day.
Okay, fine, then.
Are you really, really
desperate for my lunch?
I am.
Okay, I'll make lunch tomorrow.
Wanna finish what we started?
What we started?
The rest of the real date.
Wanna?
You're so creepily warm.